I am pleased to inform you that, for the sake of accuracy in reporting, I am considering posting my interview with Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes, PRIOR TO AIRTIME! This will be done so that everybody can get a glimpse of what a FAKE and BIASED interview is all about Everyone should compare this terrible Electoral Intrusion with the recent interviews of Sleepy Joe Biden!

Lesley Stahl of 60 Minutes not wearing a mask in the White House after her interview with me. Much more to come.

“Stock Markets will hit new highs if President Trump wins.  Tremendous growth like never before. If Biden wins, it’s strangulation. Not good.” 

To the great people of New York, California, and Illinois, your states are way too highly taxed, big crime, people fleeing, and just about every other problem you can have. VOTE TRUMP, I will turn them around for you, FAST!

THANK YOU TUCSON, ARIZONA! Together, we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!

Heading for Tucson. See you in a little while. Winning Arizona!

The nerve of Gov. Cuomo trying to capitalize on Covid after he killed 1000’s in the nursing homes?? NY man puts Casket with 6500 book covers of Cuomo’s book

A silver casket was wheeled to the front of a Brooklyn nursing home Sunday — and 6,500 copies of the cover of Gov. Andrew Cuomo’s new book were dumped into it in protest of his COVID-19 policies.

The number of covers was equal to the roughly 6,500 people who have been reported killed by the coronavirus in nursing homes in the state — although the ralliers said they believe the figure is much higher.

“My mother-in-law got COVID in an elder-care facility but died in a hospital, [so] her number does not count’’ in New York’s nursing-home tally, said Janice Dean, a meteorologist for TV’s “Fox & Friends’’ who was among the roughly 50 protesters outside the Cobble Hill Health Center.

“At the very beginning, I wouldn’t have blamed anyone,’’ she said of her kin’s death. “We were in the middle of a pandemic.

“But then I saw the governor on CNN and the various talk shows talking about his love life and talking about how he brought the curve down to nothing.”

The first thing he should have said was, “I’m sorry for your loss,’’ Dean said.

Protesters have mainly ripped Cuomo’s March 25 mandate that prevented nursing homes, with their vulnerable populations, from turning away coronavirus-positive patients.

When asked about nursing homes, Cuomo acknowledged at a COVID-19 press briefing earlier Sunday that in hindsight, his administration could have done better to protect people.

SEE ALSO 
 
Gov. Cuomo says changes to COVID-19 restrictions may come this week
“But can anyone say that a virus that targets the weak and the seniors, [that] we can keep them safe? Nobody can say that,’’ he said.

Cuomo said the early spread of COVID-19 in New York nursing homes was the result of asymptomatic workers and visitors. At that time, the federal government was saying the virus was only spread by people with symptoms, he said.

The governor said that to remain unscathed, nursing homes would have to be in “a hermetically sealed bubble.’’

The governor also contended that New York has “the most aggressive nursing-home’’ policy in the country when it comes to trying to prevent the spread of the virus, including mandated weekly testing of every worker.

His book, called “American Crisis” and released Oct. 13, was described in its press release as a “remarkable portrait of leadership during crisis and a gritty story of gut-wrenching choices that point the way to a safer future for us all.”

But Brooklyn protest organizer Peter Arbeeny griped at the rally — where about a dozen people added photos of their lost loved ones to the casket — that Cuomo “hasn’t given us an independent investigation [into the alleged nursing-home debacle] so we can get to the truth.

“The families in front of you deserve to know the truth,” said Arbeeny, whose 89-year-old Korean War veteran father, Norman, was among the at least 56 people to die from COVID-19 at the Brooklyn facility.

“We are all COVID orphans now,” he said.

“And if somebody made a mistake — and with all that was going on, it was a crazy time — we would forgive.

“Maybe somebody wouldn’t forgive, but we would forgive. You get a sincere apology when truth comes out, and then we all know, and then we can move on. And we can celebrate the good things.”

Stop Democrats from stealing our votes for President and putting Colorado's water at risk.

We’re fifteen days out from the election and it’s critical I keep ads like this running on the air in this incredibly close race.

Donate today: https://secure.winred.com/lauren-boebert-for-congress/win

Fauci’s pitch is metaphor for how wrong he has been. & the bigger metaphor is how loudly the sycophant left cheered this terrible pitch. Smh

Governor Cuomo has shown tremendously poor leadership skills in running N.Y. Bad time for him to be writing and promoting a book, especially since he has done such a poor job with Covid and Crime. So many unnecessary deaths. The City & State have sunk to historic lows Washington wants nothing to do with him, and that’s so bad for New York, which has become a ghost town. Andrew spends too much time listening to his brother, Fredo. Forget the books and your apology tour. The Federal Government would love to help New York regain its luster!

Dr.Tony Fauci says we don’t allow him to do television, and yet I saw him last night on 
@60Minutes
, and he seems to get more airtime than anybody since the late, great, Bob Hope. All I ask of Tony is that he make better decisions. He said “no masks & let China in”. Also, Bad arm! P.S. Tony should stop wearing the Washington Nationals’ Mask for two reasons. Number one, it is not up to the high standards that he should be exposing. Number two, it keeps reminding me that Tony threw out perhaps the worst first pitch in the history of Baseball!

GREAT news! New government of Sudan, which is making great progress, agreed to pay $335 MILLION to U.S. terror victims and families. Once deposited, I will lift Sudan from the State Sponsors of Terrorism list. At long last, JUSTICE for the American people and BIG step for Sudan!

There has never been a time in either of my two Campaigns when I felt we had a stronger chance of winning than we do right now. Early voting reports look far stronger than originally anticipated. Every RALLY is BOFFO. @MarkMeadows & team are doing a fantastic job There has never been more enthusiasm or spirit, by everyone. Great fun, and so good for our Country. Already winning many states, but not reported. Biden put the LID on again - raising money with promises. They finally caught him, COLD, and he knows it. Laptop is devastating!

President Trump, from his hotel in Las Vegas, has called into a press call being held by his campaign manager, Bill Stepien.

"We're going to win," Trump says on the call, per @MarioDParker. "I wouldn't have told you that maybe two or three weeks ago."

Not my Wall, which will soon be finished (and Mexico will pay for the Wall!). Totally unrelated, but I think Steve will be just fine. By the way, is this the same job hopping Tim O’Brien that headed Mini Mike Bloomberg’s humiliating 2 Billion Dollar Presidential run? Debate prep!

“When he was fired, he not only lost his job, he lost his mind.” - Donald Trump on Steve Bannon, 2018. 

Since then, federal authorities have filed fraud charges against Bannon for a bogus fundraising scheme for Trump’s southern border wall.

Only the best people.

Very proud of the 
@nypost
, my former “hometown newspaper”. They have said and shown what everyone knows about Sleepy Joe Biden. He is a CORRUPT POLITICIAN!!!

Joe Biden is a corrupt politician, and everybody knows it. Now you have the proof, perhaps like never was had before on a major politician. Laptop plus. This is the second biggest political scandal in our history!

Hunter Biden’s laptop is a disaster for the entire Biden family, but especially for his father, Joe. It is now a proven fact, and cannot be denied, that all of that info is the REAL DEAL. That makes it impossible for “50%, or 10%” Joe, to ever assume the office of the President!

The United States shows more CASES than other countries, which the Lamestream Fake News Media pounces on daily, because it TESTS at such a high (and costly) level. No country in the world tests at this level. The more you TEST, the more CASES you will be reporting. Very simple!

Failed ObamaCare cost the average American family $5,000 more per year -over doubling our healthcare insurance costs AND canceled 35 Million American’s policies Obama’s 'Affordable' Care Act Greatly Increased Premiums & Lessened Choice See ObamaCare study:

While the debate proceeds over some details of the American Health Care Act, it’s worth pausing to take another look at how awfully misnamed the so-called “Affordable” Care Act has turned out to be, especially for people who buy their health plans on their own, rather than obtain it through an employer. While advocates and politicians have cited numerous examples of people facing huge premium increases, ACA advocates have been able to respond that those are cherry-picked cases, or that premiums were increasing before the ACA and would have increased anyway.

Those responses are no longer plausible. It turns out that across the board, for all ages and family sizes, for HMO, PPO, and POS plans, premium increases averaged about 60 percent from 2013, the last year before ACA reforms took effect, to 2017. In same length of time preceding that, all groups experienced premium increases of less than 10 percent, and most age groups actually experienced premium decreases, on average.

These findings come from new data from eHealth, which not only sells ACA Marketplace health plans, but sold a wide variety of health plans through its own website for many years before the ACA was passed, as well as both on and off the Exchanges after the ACA took effect. For years starting with 2014, the data include ACA-compliant, non-employer-sponsored plans sold both on and off exchanges. It does not include premium subsidies, which in any case are available only to on-exchange purchasers with qualifying income.

The data allow us to break down the pre- and post-ACA changes by age, individual vs. family, and plan type. Overall, Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) premiums actually decreased 4.6% in the four years before the ACA reforms came into effect (that is, from 2009 to 2013), but increased 46.4% in the first four years under the ACA. Point-of-Service (POS) premiums decreased 14.9% before the ACA, and increased a whopping 66.2% afterwards. Premiums for the more common Preferred Provider Organization (PPO) plans increased 15% in the four years before the ACA, and 66.2% afterwards.

In each case, the increases differed among age groups, with families headed by those under 30 and over 50 generally being hit the hardest by the ACA premiums increases. However, once we remove the self-sorting into different plan types, and average each age group and household type (i.e., family or individual), the results are very consistent – in the four years before the ACA, every age group and family type either experienced a premium decrease, or an increase of 9.2% or less. However, in the first four years of the ACA, every age group and household type experienced an increase of between 56.0% and 63.2%. For something as complex as health care, that’s a pretty narrow range. The dollar amounts of the increase varied from $2,524 for an individual between the ages of 31 and 40, to $12,040 for a family headed by someone over age 60. But the percentages are remarkably consistent: The ACA raised premiums by about 60 percent.

The only plans that didn’t fit this pattern were the previously-rare EPOs – “Exclusive Provider Network” plans, which have restricted, generally small, networks of providers, and provide absolutely no out-of-network coverage, except possibly for emergency care. Their premiums increased 18.6% in the four years before the ACA, and 15.9% in the four years afterwards. These highly undesirable plans were rarely purchased in the pre-ACA era, but have become much more widespread since 2014, as more patients found themselves priced out of more traditional plans because of ACA reforms, and more insurance companies offered “narrow network” EPO plans as a way of satisfying regulators demanding “reasonable” premiums.

One of the many problems with EPO plans is that procedures often require several providers – say, a hospital, a surgeon, an anesthesiologist, and perhaps others – and it may be impossible for the patient to find them all in-network at the same place. Sometimes the result is that EPO patients pay more going through their insurance company than if they pay cash – meaning their “insurance” is not really insurance.

Unclean voter rolls + significantly relaxed signature requirements + very lax ballot harvesting rules = a “Wild Wild West” election in Nevada, a swing state that was decided by 25K votes in 2016.

McConnell says Senate coronavirus bill includes
•More federally-expanded unemployment benefits for laid-off Americans
•An entire second round of the Paycheck Protection Program to save workers’ jobs at the hardest-hit small businesses

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that the Senate will vote Wednesday on the coronavirus relief proposal crafted by Republicans, in addition to a separate vote on additional funding for a program to aid small businesses on Tuesday.

Washington — Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that the Senate will vote Wednesday on the coronavirus relief proposal crafted by Republicans, in addition to a separate vote on additional funding for a program to aid small businesses on Tuesday. McConnell's announcement is a blow to efforts by the White House and Speaker Nancy Pelosi to negotiate a larger bill.


McConnell said in a statement Saturday that the proposal, which carries a price tag of more than $500 billion, would provide funds to expand unemployment benefits, another round of the Paycheck Protection Program, financial aid to schools and funding for testing and tracing. Republicans attempted a vote on the bill over the summer, but the effort was blocked by Democrats, who argued that the bill did not go far enough to address the needs of the American people.

In his statement posted to Twitter, McConnell blamed Pelosi for failing to negotiate with Senate Republicans to secure a deal.

 
Get Breaking News Delivered to Your Inbox


"Speaker Pelosi has wasted months playing political games with the health and financial security of American families," McConnell said.

The House passed a massive $3.4 trillion relief bill in May, which McConnell has refused to consider. Senate Republicans and the White House argued that the House bill contained too many provisions unrelated to the pandemic. The House then approved a slimmed-down $2.4 trillion bill last month.

Pelosi and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin have engaged in negotiations over a bill on and off for several months. Mnuchin proposed a $1.8 trillion plan, which Pelosi rejected, arguing that it still did not go far enough. Mnuchin said last week that he was willing to compromise with Pelosi on testing, and President Trump said he would be willing to agree to an even higher number than the framework Mnuchin proposed.

Coronavirus: The Race To Respond 
Coronavirus cases surge in the U.S.
How does coronavirus spread? When will a vaccine be available? Your questions, answered
Rural hospitals overwhelmed as COVID-19 cases soar nationwide
Seamstress stitches success with refashioned pushcart
In his statement, McConnell said the Senate would consider a proposal negotiated by Pelosi and the White House.

"If Speaker Pelosi ever lets the House reach a bipartisan agreement with the Administration, the Senate would of course consider it. But Americans need help now," McConnell said.

In the absence of a larger proposal, McConnell plans to move forward with his narrower bill. McConnell told reporters in Kentucky on Thursday that "we're in discussions with the secretary of the treasury and the speaker about a higher amount," but said "that's not what I'm going to put on the floor."

When specifically asked if there could be a compromise within a $2 trillion range, McConnell said, "I don't think so."

Joe Biden is the living embodiment of the corrupt political class that enriched itself while draining the economic life and soul from our Country. For the last 47 years, Joe Biden shipped away your jobs, shut down your factories, threw open your borders, and ravaged our cities while sacrificing American blood and treasure in endless foreign wars. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician — and the Biden family is a criminal enterprise. This makes Crooked Hillary Clinton look like amateur hour!

This election is a choice between a TRUMP RECOVERY and a BIDEN DEPRESSION. If you vote for me, prosperity will surge, normal life will fully resume, and next year will be one of the greatest years in the history of our Country!

If you support our Police, if you stand with the HEROES of Law Enforcement, then you must defeat Joe Biden on November 3rd—VOTE #MAGA!

17 days from now, we are going to win the Great State of WISCONSIN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! Early Voting begins on Tuesday in WISCONSIN — so make sure you GET OUT AND VOTE! #MAGA

Getting ready to land in Wisconsin. See you soon!

It was GREAT to be back in MICHIGAN with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots — 17 days from now, we are going to win the state of MICHIGAN, and we are going to win 4 more years in the White House! #MAGA

Getting ready to land in Muskegon, Michigan. Another giant crowd. See you soon! #MAGA

HUGE WIN for voting rights in MICHIGAN for President 
@realDonaldTrump
, the GOP & all Americans.

Ballot harvesting is ILLEGAL.

Ballots must be in by Nov 3. AKA Election Day

We are winning the fight for a FREE & FAIR election.

Early voting in Nevada is underway! Go to http://Vote.DonaldJTrump.com to get everything you need to cast your VOTE and MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

One person on an email thread allegedly involving Hunter Biden corroborates the veracity of the messages, which appear to outline a deal involving Joe Biden and a Chinese energy firm

Sean is a great warrior. His opponent is a Pelosi puppet. Vote for Sean Parnell ASAP. Thanks!

The same media that set their hair on fire every time a bogus Russia story came out is now ignoring evidence that the Biden crime family has been in bed with the Chinese Communist Party for years.

One of the people on an explosive email thread allegedly involving Hunter Biden has corroborated the veracity of the messages, which appear to outline a payout for former Vice President Joe Biden as part of a deal with a Chinese energy firm.


One email, dated May 13, 2017, and obtained by Fox News, includes a discussion of “remuneration packages” for six people in a business deal with a Chinese energy firm. The email appeared to identify Hunter Biden as “Chair / Vice Chair depending on agreement with CEFC,” in an apparent reference to now-bankrupt CEFC China Energy Co.

The email includes a note that “Hunter has some office expectations he will elaborate.” A proposed equity split references “20” for “H” and “10 held by H for the big guy?” with no further details. Fox News spoke to one of the people who was copied on the email, who confirmed its authenticity.

Sources told Fox News that "the big guy" is a reference to the former vice president. The New York Post initially published the emails and other controversial messages that Fox News has also obtained.

HUNTER BIDEN EMAILS, TEXTS REVEAL WILD LIFE, PAINED SOUL

The Bidens' relationship with Ukraine came under special attention last year as House Democrats pursued an impeachment inquiry surrounding President Trump's now-infamous July 25 call with Ukraine's president. In it, Trump asked President Volodymyr Zelensky to investigate the former vice president, who was suspected of abusing his authority to pressure the government into firing its top prosecutor.

Another email from May of 2014 shows Vadym Pozharskyi, an adviser to Burisma's board, allegedly shows him asking for the younger Biden's advice on how to stop "politically motivated actions."

“We urgently need your advice on how you could use your influence to convey a message / signal, etc. to stop what we consider to be politically motivated actions," it reads. And less than a year later, a purported email from Pozharskyi shows him thanking Hunter Biden for an invitation to meet his father.


CLICK HERE TO GET THE FOX NEWS APP

Biden's campaign has denied wrongdoing and claimed that the former vice president's schedule showed no meeting taking place, though Politico later clarified that the campaign wouldn't rule out the possibility that the former vice president had an informal interaction with Pozharskyi. The campaign also said it has released the former vice president’s tax documents and returns, which do not reflect any involvement with Chinese investments.

Politico later clarified that the campaign wouldn't rule out the possibility that the former vice president had an informal interaction with Pozharskyi.

Biden campaign spokesman Andrew Bates also said: "Investigations by the press, during impeachment, and even by two Republican-led Senate committees whose work was decried as 'not legitimate' and political by a GOP colleague have all reached the same conclusion: that Joe Biden carried out official U.S. policy toward Ukraine and engaged in no wrongdoing. Trump administration officials have attested to these facts under oath."

Fox News' Brooke Singman and Thomas Barrabi contributed to this report.

Trump Campaign: “Joe Biden, a candidate for President of the United States, appears to be compromised by the Chinese.”

You morons breathlessly covered the Russia hoax story for years on end — and that was pure Russian disinformation. “The walls are closing in!” 

Take a seat and shut your mouth. twitter.com/oliverdarcy/s

After corruptly blocking readers from accessing the New York Post’s expose on Hunter and Joe Biden, Twitter is now throttling circulation of a Fox News story detailing Biden’s business ties in communist China. https://twitter.com/emilyjashinsky/status/1317272046204866563

Biden is a National Security threat!

She’s always been terrible & unfair, just like most of the Fake News reporters, but I’ll still play the game. The people know! How’s Steve Scully doing?

SLEEPY JOE BIDEN IS PROPOSING THE BIGGEST TAX HIKE IN OUR COUNTRY’S HISTORY! CAN ANYBODY REALLY VOTE FOR THIS?

Please also make sure you have all the information you need to vote. Share this with friends, family & Niebors to ensure they are registered & know where to cast their vote. Sign up here to get all the information you need based on your state. Landslide!

We are in the home stretch. Biden is getting Billions$ from Soros & others. President Trump relies on small donations from the grass roots for his campaign. He has put everything on the line for us so let’s make a final push & donate. We are winning!

GIANT RED WAVE COMING!

Senator Little Ben Sasse of the Great State of Nebraska seems to be heading down the same inglorious path as former Senators Liddle’ Bob Corker, whose approval rating in Tennessee went from 55% to 4%, & Jeff “the Flake” Flake, whose approval rating in Arizona went from 56% to practically nothing. Both Senators became totally unelectable, couldn’t come even close to winning their primaries, and decided to drop out of politics and gracefully “RETIRE”. @SenSasse could be next, or perhaps the Republicans should find a new and more viable candidate?

The least effective of our 53 Republican Senators, and a person who truly doesn’t have what it takes to be great, is Little Ben Sasse of Nebraska, a State which I have gladly done so much to help. 
@SenSasse
 was as nice as a RINO can be until he recently won the Republican Nomination to run for a second term. Then he went back to his rather stupid and obnoxious ways. Must feel he can’t lose to a Dem. Little Ben is a liability to the Republican Party, and an embarrassment to the Great State of Nebraska. Other than that, he’s just a wonderful guy!

Democrats and the media told us over and over again the Bidens were being falsely accused of improper behavior with Burisma and Ukraine.

They were wrong. There WAS corruption. 

President 
@realDonaldTrump
 was right to ask about it. 

The Bidens were lying.

Getting ready to land in Macon, Georgia. Another giant crowd. See you soon!

JUST ANNOUNCED: We have finalized a partnership with 
@CVSHealth
 and 
@Walgreens
 to deliver the Coronavirus vaccine, when approved, directly to nursing homes—at no cost to seniors!

The Trump Administration stands with Florida small businesses, who have received $32.2 BILLION in 
@SBAgov
 loans to keep their doors open and employees on payroll!

There is a nasty rumor out there that 
@SenatorCollins
 of Maine will not be supporting our great United States Supreme Court Nominee. Well, she didn’t support Healthcare or my opening up 5000 square miles of Ocean to Maine, so why should this be any different. Not worth the work!

Big T was not a reference to me, but rather to Big Tech, which should have been properly pointed out in Twitter’s Fake Trending Section!

Steve Scully of 
@cspan
 had a very bad week. When his name was announced, I said he would not be appropriate because of conflicts. I was right! Then he said he was hacked, he wasn’t. I was right again! But his biggest mistake was “confiding” in a lowlife loser like the Mooch. Sad!

Very good reviews on last night’s 
@NBCNews
 Town Hall in Miami. Thank you!!!

Polls numbers are looking very strong. Big crowds, great enthusiasm. Massive RED WAVE coming!!!

Biden/Harris will raise your taxes. Fact Check: True.  

VP Biden said so last week when he said he would repeal the Trump tax cuts. Their $3T tax hike is the wrong medicine for our economy anytime, but especially harmful during this pandemic.

In case you’re watching Senator Harris lie about fracking right now, both she and VP Biden are on record, on video and will absolutely ban fracking. They seek to end coal and all fossil fuels. #VPDebate twitter.com/abigailmarone/…

Somebody is mad that 
@realDonaldTrump
 didn’t start any wars and wants to leave the ones we are in. Vote Biden/Harris if you want more endless wars. #VPDebate

Open the schools! I wonder where the “listen to the science” people will go when the science doesn’t support their fearmongering or their chosen narrative?

Great meeting young cancer survivor Reed Elliotte yesterday at the #ProAmericaRally in Lexington KY.

True Goodness,Righteousness,Selflessness,Love of Country n her People SHINES Forth from Our President n Blesses The World.Our Hearts are uplifted in a Joyful Smile when we see him,hear him or think of Our President Gods Courageous Warrior n a example to all

Oh look the warmongers at the NY Times are coming up with a new excuse on why U.S. Troops should remain in Afghanistan. Sorry but that is not why we originally went there.

He has my vote, Rand, please move to NY and save us!

If he's reelected I expect the party and his base to hold him to that promise because that would be fantastic.

272 Generals sign in supprt of DJT, MSM focus on 4 or 5 who do not support Peace thru Streanth and ending useless, but lucrative foreign wars ..

In general, the press never brings this up. This is something both sides should be happy about. We have a President who shows strength AND wisdom.

Thank you 
@RandPaul
 and 
@realDonaldTrump
 for your efforts in ending this decades long mistake. We look forward to seeing it happen. Sooner the better.

Thank the Lord most High!Folded hands
God bless the peacemakers 
@realDonaldTrump
Folded hands
God bless our brave soldiers.Folded hands
May the Holy Spirit pour peace out on the earth, for a time of restoration and thanksgiving to God!Folded hands

Amen!  Not a lot of people understand what 
@realDonaldTrump
 has done!  It is truly amazing!

In his term, 
@realDonaldTrump
 has already brought home thousands of our brave soldiers. He wants the rest home by Christmas and a stop to our endless wars.

Just spoke with at @realDonaldTrump . He sounds great and wants libertarians and everyone across the country to know he is ending the war in Afghanistan!

#AmyConeyBarrett will make an excellent justice that will serve our country and Constitution well, and I look forward to seeing her confirmed soon. #ConfirmACB

Democrats seem to think all justices are politicians, and so they want a politician that’ll vote for their cases instead of a justice that will adhere to the law.

The 2001 AUMF should not be used to deploy hundreds of American soldiers to places like Somalia. @RandPaul is right - we need Congressional approval.

It's time for @realDonaldTrump to bring our men and women home! #EndEndlessWars

Sleepy Joe Biden had a very bad showing last night, despite the fact that 
@GStephanopoulos
 didn’t ask him any questions on his being a “corrupt politician”. Big Tech & Lamestream Media are working hard to hide this corruption!!!

Thank you to everyone who gave this book a chance. So grateful. This book can really help you win your next conversation.

KUSI, thank you for having the journalistic integrity to meet me at my office so I could dispel the outrageous conspiracy theory my opponent is circulating about my business once and for all. Ammar has no proof for his claim, and we opened our books to a full audit.

Ammar is a puppet for Nancy Pelosi and the Radical Left. He spells higher taxes, weak Military and Vet support, and the obliteration of your 2nd Amendment. Vote Darrell Issa!

Ammar, you lied to the district when you said that your outrageous conspiracy theory was somehow vindicated by the fact that an outside group is spreading your lie. The group  one of the PACs Nancy Pelosi funnels her money through. Nancy Pelosi Donated 302,650$ to it this year!

President 
@realDonaldTrump
 arrives in Greenville, North Carolina! 

“It’s great to be back in NC with thousands of loyal, hardworking American Patriots! 19 days from now, we are going to WIN the state of NC, and we are going to WIN 4 more years in the WH!” http://Vote.DonaldJTrump.com

Dozens of Trump supporters were loudly chanting a mix of “Four more years,” “Trump” and “USA” throughout the event, growing louder anytime @JoeBiden mentioned the president.

Twitter Shuts Down Entire Network To Slow Spread Of Negative Biden News https://babylonbee.com/news/twitter-shuts-down-entire-network-to-slow-spread-of-negative-biden-news… via 
@TheBabylonBee
 Wow, this has never been done in history. This includes his really bad interview last night. Why is Twitter doing this. Bringing more attention to Sleepy Joe & Big T

Biden is like China stealing intellectual property. He steals every one of Trump's strong talking points to the American people.. every ONE of them. it's like he waits to see what Trump does then he copies it

Number one!!!!! I can’t call you my “followers,” because you are so much more than that. You are truly my heroes. #CrookedJoeBiden is trending NUMBER ONE in Politics,  and the mainstream media can no longer cover for him. Thank you, patriots.